New Topic for Astro Support Request Form (#822)
astronomer/docs: astro/support.md

---

> title: 'Astro Support'

Reviewer: Thoughts on this being `Submit a Support Request`

Author: @paolaperaza that works. Implemented. It could be shortened to _Request Support_, or _Request Astro Support_. Users have multiple options for getting support - not just the support request forms.

navTitle: 'Astro Support'
id: support
description: Get Astro support when you need it.
---

> If you're an Astro user and need answers to common questions, the following resources are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're an Astro user and need answers to common questions, the following resources are available in addition to documentation:
```

Reviewer: Resolving this for now since I made a comment on your suggestion in my latest review. I'd like to keep this as a "positive" and complementary statement

- [Astronomer Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io)

> - [Airflow Guides](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/airflow-and-hashicorp-vault)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Airflow Guides](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/)
```

If you're experiencing a more serious issue and need Astronomer expertise, you can use one of the following methods to contact Astronomer Support:

- Submit a support request in the [Cloud UI](#submit-a-support-request-in-the-cloud-ui)
- File a support request on the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io/hc/en-us)
- Send an email to [support@astronomer.io](mailto:support@astronomer.io)

> - Call +1 (831) 777-2768

Reviewer: Should verify if this phone number is still valid

## Best Practices for Support Request Submissions

The following are the best practices for submitting support requests in the Cloud UI or the Astronomer Support Portal:

> - Always indicate priority

Reviewer: Feels like a lot of text to just have this line or "section" be a bullet point. Any way we can play around with headers or break up this section to be more readable?

Reviewer: @kwcanuck In my latest review, it looks like you made these guidelines H3 headers, which addresses my concern. Resolving.

    To help Astronomer Support respond effectively to your support request, it's important that you correctly identify the severity of your issue. The following are the categories that Astronomer uses to determine the severity of your support request:

>     - **P1:** Critical systems are unavailable, no workaround is immediately available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **P1:** Critical impact, service is unusable in production
```

This is a screenshot of our ticket intake requests -- should match language

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31111752/174088804-99265938-aa0d-464a-92d6-f93469ca2055.png)

Reviewer: Can you apply these to the other set of priorities?

        Examples:

>         - The Scheduler is not heartbeating, and restarting didn't fix the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Your tasks are not running and restarting them didn't fix the issue.
```

Customers on Astro don't have direct access to restart the scheduler, nor do we give them metrics to know (explicitly) whether or not the scheduler is heartbeating

>         - All Celery workers are offline.
>         - Kubernetes pod executors are not starting.
>         - There are extended periods of `503` errors that are not solved by allocating more resources to the Webserver.
>         - There is an Astronomer outage, such as downtime in the Astronomer Docker Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Astronomer is experiencing an incident or downtime that is affecting your data pipelines in production.
```

I think these are all _reasons_, but really the symptom is: "my tasks aren't running"

>     - **P2:** Significant Astronomer/Astronomer-owned Airflow functionality is impaired, but your organization is still able to run essential DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **P2:** High impact. Ability to use Astro is severely impaired but does not affect critical pipelines in production.
```

Author: Updated as requested.

        Examples:

>         - The Airflow Webserver is unavailable.
>         - You are unable to deploy code to your Deployment, but existing DAGs and tasks are running as expected.
>         - Task logs are missing in the Airflow UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The Airflow UI is unavailable.
        - You are unable to deploy code to your Deployment, but existing DAGs and tasks are running as expected.
        - Task logs are missing in the Airflow UI.
```

    - **P3:** Partial, non-critical loss of Astronomer/Astronomer-owned Airflow functionality.

        Examples:

        - There is a bug in the Software UI.
        - Astro CLI usage is impaired (for example, there are incompatibility errors between installed packages).
        - There is an Airflow issue that has a code-based solution.
        - You received a log alert on Astronomer.

    - **P4:** General questions, issues with code inside specific DAGs, and issues with Airflow that are not primarily owned by Astronomer.

        Examples:

        - You can't find your Workspace.
        - There are package incompatibilities caused by a specific, complex use case.
        - You have questions about best practices for an action in Airflow or on Astronomer.

- Be as descriptive as possible

    The more information you can provide about the issue you're experiencing, the quicker Astronomer Support can start the troubleshooting and resolution process. When submitting a support request, include the following information:

>     - What project/deployment does this question/issue apply to?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The user doesn't need to provide this information if they're submitting a support request via the Cloud UI, in which case it's auto-populated. Should we make that clear here?

Author: @paolaperaza it doesn't matter what method is used to report an issue. This information is helpful when trying to resolve an issue. Users don't need to select a Workspace or Deployment in the Cloud UI - it's optional despite being auto-populated. That's why I added Optional to the field descriptions.

    - What did you already try?

>     - Have you made any recent changes to your Airflow deployment, code, or image?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Have you made any recent changes to your Deployment or running DAGs?
```

- Include logs or code snippets

>     If you've already taken note of any task-level Airflow logs or Astronomer platform logs, don't hesitate to send them as a part of your original ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you've already taken note of task logs or Airflow component logs, send them as a part of your request.
```

    The more context you can give, the better we can help you.

## Submit a Support Request in the Cloud UI

> If you're using Astro version 5.0.4 or later, you can submit your support request in the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Astro is version less to the user -- this feature becomes available to all users at once 😊  Entirely separate from Astro Runtime

2. Complete the following fields:

    - **Problem Statement**: Enter a description of the issue you are experiencing. Provide as much detail as possible.
    - **Workspace**: Optional. Select the Workspace where the issue is occurring. This list is auto-populated when you submit a support request from a Workspace or a Deployment.
    - **Deployment**: Optional. Select the Deployment where the issue is occurring. This list is auto-populated when you submit a support request from a Workspace or a Deployment.
    - **Problem Start**: Optional. Select the date and time the issue started.
    - **Description**: Enter a thorough description of the issue. Provide as much detail as possible. 
    - **Priority**: Select the severity of your issue. For severity level explanations, see [Best Practices for Submitting Support Requests](#best-practices-for-submitting-support-requests).
    - **Business Impact**: Optional. Describe how this issue is affecting your organization.
    - **CC Emails**: Optional. Enter the email address of a team member that you want to notify about this issue. Click **Add Additional Email** to add additional email addresses.

> 3. Click **Submit**.

Reviewer: Let's add a screenshot of the form here?

Reviewer: Let's also add a note that once you submit a request via the Cloud UI, correspondence will happen over email. Will defer to you on phrasing -- but just to answer the question of "do I check back in Cloud UI for a response or will I get an email?"

Author: @paolaperaza I don't think a screenshot is necessary here. It's a simple form and the behavior that occurs after clicking **Submit** is obvious.  

I have added this statement below the last procedure step: 

When Astronomer Support start working on your issue, you'll receive email notifications. To check the status of a support request, sign in to the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io).

Reviewer 2: I imagine that the screenshot of the form is gonna change a lot since it was just developed, but a screenshot of where the **Submit Report Request** button might be good either here or in release notes.

Author: @jwitz what is the recommended format for images and where are they stored?

Author: @jwitz I added the screenshot. It will likely need updating to match the standards.

Reviewer: Strong agree -- it's actually hard to know where this form lives so I think including a screenshot is important. Resolving.

> ## Submit a Support Request on the Astronomer Support Portal

Reviewer: Let's add a line here that we generally recommend creating support requests via the Cloud UI, or at least frame this as an alternative? Also mention that you'll be asked to provide information about your issue

Author: @paolaperaza I have added this sentence to this section:

_Astronomer recommends that you submit support requests in the Cloud UI._ 

I'm not sure this is necessary as the first task is submitting a support request with the Cloud UI. If users ignore this, they obviously want to use the support portal. Your call.

I don't think we need to mention that the user will need to "provide information about their issue". This is obvious - the support request form has mandatory fields that a user must complete.

Reviewer 2: I don't see this change in the section below, was it resolved / rolled back elsewhere?

Author: Odd. It was added. So many changes are being added. it might have been overwritten. Added again.

> If you're new to Astronomer, you'll need to create an account on the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io) to submit a support request. If you're working with a team and want to view support tickets created by other team members, use your work email or the domain you share with your team members for your account. If your team uses more than one email domain (for example, @astronomer.io), contact Astronomer and ask to have it added manually to your organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to Astronomer, you'll need to create an account on the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io) to submit a support request. If you're working with a team and want to view support tickets created by other team members, use your work email or the domain you share with your team members for your account. If your team uses more than one email domain (for example, @astronomer.io), contact Astronomer and ask to have it added manually to your organization.
```

If you're an existing customer, sign in to the Astronomer Support Portal and create a new support request.

## Monitor Existing Support Requests

After you've submitted your support request, sign in to the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io) to:

- Review and comment on requests from your team
- Monitor the status of your requests
- Communicate with Astronomer Support

> > **Note:** To add a teammate to an existing support request, cc them in a followup message within the email thread that was automatically generated when the ticket was created.

Reviewer: Is this line redundant with the info above? Let's also try to use one of the standard notes, maybe a `:::tip`

Author: @paolaperaza two different items - one is asking users to add a team email or domain name when they create an account, and the other is telling users how to add teammates to _existing_ support requests.

I have added the information to a tip callout.

---
title: 'Submit a Support Request'
navTitle: 'Astro Support'
id: support
description: Get Astro support when you need it.
---

> If you're an Astro user and haven't found the answer in Astronomer documentation, the following resources are available:

Author: @jwitz I updated this to: _If you're an Astro user and haven't been able to resolve an issue using Astronomer documentation_. I didn't add additional as it isn't necessary.

- [Astronomer Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io)
- [Airflow Guides](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/)

If you're experiencing a more serious issue and need Astronomer expertise, you can use one of the following methods to contact Astronomer Support:

- Submit a support request in the [Cloud UI](#submit-a-support-request-in-the-cloud-ui)
- File a support request on the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io/hc/en-us)
- Send an email to [support@astronomer.io](mailto:support@astronomer.io)
- Call +1 (831) 777-2768

## Best Practices for Support Request Submissions

The following are the best practices for submitting support requests in the Cloud UI or the Astronomer Support Portal:

> - Always indicate priority

Author: @jwitz I've tried using headings and it appears to have messed up the formatting. Maybe you can do better? In my opinion, the bullets were a better solution.

        - Task logs are missing in the Airflow UI.

    - **P3:** Medium impact, service is partiallly impaired.

        Examples:

        - There is a bug in the Software UI.
        - Astro CLI usage is impaired (for example, there are incompatibility errors between installed packages).
        - There is an Airflow issue that has a code-based solution.
        - You received a log alert on Astronomer.

    - **P4:** Low impact, service fully usable.

        Examples:

        - You can't find your Workspace.
        - There are package incompatibilities caused by a specific, complex use case.
        - You have questions about best practices for an action in Airflow or on Astronomer.

- Be as descriptive as possible

    The more information you can provide about the issue you're experiencing, the quicker Astronomer Support can start the troubleshooting and resolution process. When submitting a support request, include the following information:

    - What project/deployment does this question/issue apply to?
    - What did you already try?
    - Have you made any recent changes to your Deployment or running DAGs?

- Include logs or code snippets

>     If you've already taken note of task logs or Airflow component logs, send them as a part of your request.
> 
>     The more context you can give, the better we can help you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you've already taken note of task logs or Airflow component logs, send them as a part of your request. The more context you can give, the better we can help you.
```

Author: @jwitz I revised it to: _If you've already copied task logs or Airflow component logs, send them as a part of your request_

## Submit a Support Request in the Cloud UI

1. In the Cloud UI, click **Help** > **Submit Support Request**.

> 

Author: @jwitz I added them to make it easier to parse the content when writing and editing. It doesn't appear to cause any issues.

    - **Deployment**: Optional. Select the Deployment where the issue is occurring. This list is auto-populated when you submit a support request from a Workspace or a Deployment.
    - **Problem Start**: Optional. Select the date and time the issue started.
    - **Description**: Enter a thorough description of the issue. Provide as much detail as possible. 
    - **Priority**: Select the severity of your issue. For severity level explanations, see [Best Practices for Submitting Support Requests](#best-practices-for-submitting-support-requests).
    - **Business Impact**: Optional. Describe how this issue is affecting your organization.
    - **CC Emails**: Optional. Enter the email address of a team member that you want to notify about this issue. Click **Add Additional Email** to add additional email addresses.

3. Click **Submit**.

    When Astronomer Support start working on your issue, you'll receive email notifications. To check the status of a support request, sign in to the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io). 

## Submit a Support Request on the Astronomer Support Portal

> If you're new to Astronomer, you'll need to create an account on the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io) to submit a support request. If you're working with a team and want to view support tickets created by other team members, use your work email or the domain you share with your team members for your account. If your team uses more than one email domain (for example, @astronomer.io), contact Astronomer and ask to have it added manually to your organization.

Author: @jwitz you can't submit a support request on the Astronomer Support Portal without an account.

If you're an existing customer, sign in to the Astronomer Support Portal and create a new support request.

## Monitor Existing Support Requests

After you've submitted your support request, sign in to the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io) to:

- Review and comment on requests from your team
- Monitor the status of your requests

> - Communicate with Astronomer Support

Author: @jwitz are you adding punctuation to all lists? This seems very formal and unnecessary. My two cents.

> ---

Reviewer 2: Remember to delete this file!

Author: @jwitz sorry, delete what file?

### Include logs or code snippets

If you've already taken note of task logs or Airflow component logs, send them as a part of your request.

The more context you can provide, the sooner Astronomer Support can start resolving your issue.

## Submit a Support Request in the Cloud UI

1. In the Cloud UI, click **Help** > **Submit Support Request**.

    <div class="text--center">
    <img src="/img/docs/support-request-location.png" alt="Submit Support Request menu location" />
    </div>

2. Complete the following fields:

    - **Problem Statement**: Enter a description of the issue you are experiencing. Provide as much detail as possible.
    - **Workspace**: Optional. Select the Workspace where the issue is occurring. This list is auto-populated when you submit a support request from a Workspace or a Deployment.
    - **Deployment**: Optional. Select the Deployment where the issue is occurring. This list is auto-populated when you submit a support request from a Workspace or a Deployment.
    - **Problem Start**: Optional. Select the date and time the issue started.
    - **Description**: Enter a thorough description of the issue. Provide as much detail as possible. 

>     - **Priority**: Select the severity of your issue. For severity level explanations, see [Best Practices for Submitting Support Requests](astro-support.md#best-practices-for-submitting-support-requests).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Priority**: Select the severity of your issue. For severity level explanations, see [Best Practices for Submitting Support Requests](astro-support.md#best-practices-for-support-request-submissions).
```

    - **Business Impact**: Optional. Describe how this issue is affecting your organization.
    - **CC Emails**: Optional. Enter the email address of a team member that you want to notify about this issue. Click **Add Additional Email** to add additional email addresses.

3. Click **Submit**.

    You'll receive an email when your ticket is created and follow-up emails as Astronomer Support processes your request. To check the status of a support request, sign in to the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io). 

## Submit a Support Request on the Astronomer Support Portal

Astronomer recommends that you submit support requests in the Cloud UI.

If you're new to Astronomer, you'll need to create an account on the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io) to submit a support request. If you're working with a team and want to view support tickets created by other team members, use your work email or the domain you share with your team members for your account. If your team uses more than one email domain (for example, @astronomer.io), contact Astronomer and ask to have it added manually to your organization.

> If you're an existing customer, sign in to the Astronomer Support Portal and create a new support request.

Reviewer 2: Are they doing this through the UI? When I open the form submission on the UI, I'm not prompted to log in. Or is this meant to communicate the alternative to using the Cloud UI?

Author: @jwitz you're not prompted to log in because you already have access. This is what new users without access see:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/174340286-ec7a9f94-4545-47a0-a40a-a2d561d5a998.png)

As you can see, if you're not an existing user, "you'll need to create an account".
